welcome back to scrambled except this
time is done with a difference because
we
are in west sumatra an amazing safari
park tasmania
norway india in the middle of the jungle
right on the edge of this
almighty amazon it'll be a traditional
scrambled egg but done with a little bit
of black masala
the local duck eggs look at the
color of those goats
it's an ostrich egg and base those eggs
turn the heat up unscrambled now don't
get upset
i thought i'd do a reindeer omelette hey
kid look she's looking at you
these are literally hand-dived
[Music]
oh my god how beautiful
breakfast sandwich
omelette hot spicy and delicious